# Age Of Empires 3: Overhauled

The goal of this mod is to provide a comprehensive tweaks and rebalances to all
existing civilizations to bring up the power level of weak/underused units
(Rajput/Skull Knights) and round out some lopsided army compositions. But most
importantly, it looks to provide a fresh coat of paint to all existing civs and
make them more interesting to play as. As such civs with some particularly weak
playstyles have gotten additional bonuses to make them more engaging to play
as. There are no sacred cows here, so expect some massive overhauls to existing
civs. 

In order to achieve this, many units are being completely reworked. 

<img
src="https://github.com/SquidTheSid/Age-Of-Empires-3-Rebalance-Mod/blob/master/Aoe3installer.png">

<b>Branches</b>:

<i>Releases:</i> Fixed Release. Has all of the features for that version of the
mod.

<i>Master:</i> Latest "Stable" version. Shouldn't have game-breaking bugs, but
balance is not perfect.

<i>Development/Experimental</i>: Absolute latest. Could be broken or have key
missing features. Use at your own discretion. 

<b>Installation:</b>

<b><i>AUTOMATED:</i></b> 

Download the "wizard.jar" file (this is an executable java archive).  Double
click to run it. Left click on the menu button to see all 4 options. Be sure to
view the readme first. Click "Install Mod" to copy over files, and if you're
done, click "Remove Mod" to go back to RE.

NOTE: The Installer requires an updated version of Java on your system to work.
This program was built with OpenJDK 8. If you don't have Java installed, go to
oracle.com/java

NOTE 2: This Installer currently only supports default Steam installations on
Linux and Windows. If you're using a non-standard install or a retail copy, you
need to do the manual method in the meantime.e

<b><i>MANUAL:</i></b>

Copy the data folder to your Age of Empires 3's program files directory to
install the mod. Copy the art files if you want to use the new Ottoman/USA
units. If you want to play vs. AI copy the AI3 files.

Linux: this should be ~/.local/share/Steam/steamapps/common/Age of Empires
3/bin

Windows: it should be something like: Program Files
(x86)/Steam/Steamapps/common/Age of Empires 3/bin

To get the maps and the USA civ savefile, copy the ./RM3 and ./Savegame folders
to your AoE3's documents directory.

Linux:
$HOME/.local/share/Steam/steamapps/compatdata/105450/pfx/drive_c/users/steamuser/My
Documents/My Games/Age of Empires 3/Savegame

Windows: %USERPROFILE%\Documents\My Games\Age of Empires 3\
(C:\Users\Your_Username\Documents\My Games\Age of Empires 3\)

